# Environment Setup

## Udacity Workspace

### Setup environment

- At the top of the page, click **Cloud Resources**. Then select **Start Cloud Resource**, and then **Open Cloud Console**.
- In VSCode, select the **File** menu and then **Open Folder**. Choose the directory for this assignment: `/voc/work/code/project/starter/`.
- Open the notebook (`.ipynb`). In the upper-right corner select **Select Kernel**, then **Python Environments**, and choose the correct environment (the bottom option, named the same as this activity’s directory).

### Install the app in edit mode

In VSCode, open a terminal.

We install our app in edit mode so edits we do in the files are reflected immediately in the installed app:

```sh
pip install -e .
```

### Configure credentials

Change directory in the terminal to the root of the repo, and copy the `env.example` file to `.env`:

```sh
cp env.example .env
```

then open .env and fill your API credential in GEMINI_API_KEY, as well as make up a USER_API_KEY (anything works). You can use for example `my-api-key`.

**NOTE**: this is obviously not secure, but it is here to remind you that a real production app will need to have some authentication measure!

## Local Machine

Make sure you have a terminal open in the starter kit folder.

### Create virtual environment and install dependencies

In the terminal, run:

```sh
uv sync --dev
```

### Install the app in edit mode

We install our app in edit mode so edits we do in the files are reflected immediately in the installed app:

```sh
uv pip install -e .
```

### Set the virtual environment as interpreter for the project

In VS Code, hit Shift+Crtl+P (or Shift+Command+P on Mac) then select `Python: Select Interpreter`. Go to `Enter Interpreter Path` and then enter `.venv/bin/python`.

This will help you with syntax highlighting and other things.

### Configure credentials

Open a terminal at the root of the repo, and copy the `env.example` file to `.env`:

```sh
cp env.example .env
```

then open .env and fill your API credential in GEMINI_API_KEY, as well as make up a USER_API_KEY (anything works). You can use for example `my-api-key`.

**NOTE**: this is obviously not secure, but it is here to remind you that a real production app will need to have some authentication measure!
